h1. Git Creating a new Git Repository

Two methods

* create server repository first and pull (method 1)
* create on local machine the push to an empty repository on server (method 2)

You should use _method 1_ if you have nothing.  You should use method 2 if you already have an existing git repo and now want to push it to a home in the clouds.

h1. Method 0 cloning an existing repo

h2. Create a new fresh repository

Not very typical to create a fresh repsitory.  Usually you already have an existing one.  But this is a good way of making a clean start.

* mkdir newgit

* cd newgit
 
* git clone git@yourRepsoitoryNameHere

h1. Method 1: create server repository first and pull 

h2. Create empty repository on host (hosting rails assumed)

* cd ~/git/holder_dir_for_applications/
* mkdir newapp
* cd newapp
* git init
* echo " " > readme.txt
* git add .
* git commit

h2. Now on your (local) machine:

* go to a temp directory
* run pagent and log in
* git clone username@urlofyourhost.com:git/holder_dir_for_applications/newapp

h3. Set the appropriate files to ignore (on local machine)

Add files to _.git/info/exludes_
* *~
* log/*
* .project
* .loadpath

I use emacs and radrails


h1. Method 2: create on local machine the push to an empty repository on server 

This is the method to use when you already have a real git repo and now it's ready for prime time and needs to be pushed to a remote server.

h2. On the Server
* Create an empty git repo on the server
* cd ~git
* cd git/poc
* mkdir somthing
* cd something
* gdir=`pwd`
* cd $gdir
* git init
* #Allow pushes from master to the current (master) branch on remote
** git config receive.denycurrentbranch ignore
* now the directory is ready to receive...
.

h2. On the local machine
* cd to the local git repository (has dir .git in it)
* cd /c/work/php/wordpress
* from server window copy/past directory name
* gdir=git/php/wordpress
* git remote add makalu git@makalu.webicus.com:$gdir
* or
* git remote add origin git@makalu.webicus.com:$gdir
* git push origin master
* or
* git push makalu master
* git push origin some-other-branch
* done (now check the server)

h2. On the server
* look empty? try git checkout master
